Associate, IT, Application Analyst
Toronto, ON, Canada
Full-time
Office Location: Toronto
Rank: Associate
Employment Type: Permanent Full Time
Company Description
MUFG Investor Services is a trusted partner to many of the world’s largest public and private funds, providing asset servicing and operational solutions built for alternatives. With over $1 trillion in client assets under administration, we offer fund administration, banking, payments, fund financing, foreign exchange overlay, corporate and regulatory services, custody, business consulting, and more. Operating from 17 locations worldwide, we help clients mitigate risk, enhance efficiency, and navigate the operational complexities of today’s investment management landscape. As a division of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), one of the world’s largest financial institutions with approximately $3 trillion in assets, we combine deep expertise with the strength and stability of a leading financial institution. To learn more, visit us at www.mufg-investorservices.com.

#LI-Hybrid

Job Description
Because of demand and growth within the Application team we are looking for an Application Analyst. As a successful candidate you will manage the delivery of internal operations and support and in doing so you will work with vendors and be part of an internal team managing a portfolio of in-house/vendor applications. You will play a crucial role of linking our teams and the IT solutions group.

You Will:

Play a key role as part of global support team covering IT Core applications domain.
Act as a first point of contact with business users for Level 1 & Level 2 Incident & Problem Management support by working with vendors & or Internal support teams to resolve technical and user issues during product migration and BAU (Business As Usual) operations. 
Document processes, procedures and policies as required for appropriate governance of platforms.
Day-to-day monitoring of our internal processes to ensure pro-active resolution of any issues that arise.
Troubleshoot and resolve application database and SQL issues.
Document business user procedures and support user training.
Participate in co-ordination and implementation of new platform releases with business users.
Support Project Managers in ongoing initiatives related to the Business Core Operations Solutions.
Internal co-ordination between distinct internal IT functions and groups to ensure high quality service delivery and total ownership of issues to complete resolution.
Support the business in Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery initiatives.
#LI-Hybrid

Qualifications
You Have:

3+ years in a team responsible for providing analytical support and administration of business applications.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent experience
Knowledge of applications, systems or application architecture/platforms
An understanding of Application/Database infrastructure setup and management
An understanding of supporting applications on Desktop environments, Servers and Saas.
Preferred

Experience in supporting a portfolio of vendor applications such as Investran, Anaplan, Sentry, Sungard DX, Yardi within the Private Equity and Real Estate domain will be beneficial.
An understanding of Microsoft Windows Server environments, Linux, Java applications, Microsoft IIS, SQL Server and AWS.
Knowledge of System Development Lifecycle and standard software development methodologies including ITIL standards (certification will be a plus).
An understanding of Application/Database infrastructure setup and management.
Experience in technical writing/documentation skills.
Additional Information
What’s in it for you to join MUFG Investor Services?   

Take a look at our careers site and you’ll find everything you’d expect from a career with the fastest-growing business at one of the world’s largest financial groups. Now take another look. Because it’s how we defy expectations that really defines us. You’ll feel that difference in all kinds of ways.  Our vibrant CULTURE. Connected team. Love of innovation, laser client focus, and next-level LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT.  Oh, and we really walk the talk when it comes to HYBRID WORKING.     

So, why settle for the ordinary?  Apply now for a Brilliantly Different career.   

We thank all candidates for applying; however, only those proceeding to the interview stage will be contacted. 